README.md, before:

# SAFE Template

This template can be used to generate a full-stack web application using the [SAFE Stack](https://safe-stack.github.io/). It was created using the dotnet [SAFE Template](https://safe-stack.github.io/docs/template-overview/). If you want to learn more about the template why not start with the [quick start](https://safe-stack.github.io/docs/quickstart/) guide?

## Install pre-requisites

You'll need to install the following pre-requisites in order to build SAFE applications

* [.NET Core SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download) 6.0 or higher
* [Node 16](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

## Starting the application

Before you run the project **for the first time only** you must install dotnet "local tools" with this command:

```bash
dotnet tool restore
```

To concurrently run the server and the client components in watch mode use the following command:

```bash
dotnet run
```

Then open `http://localhost:8080` in your browser.

The build project in root directory contains a couple of different build targets. You can specify them after `--` (target name is case-insensitive).

To run concurrently server and client tests in watch mode (you can run this command in parallel to the previous one in new terminal):

```bash
dotnet run -- RunTests
```

Client tests are available under `http://localhost:8081` in your browser and server tests are running in watch mode in console.

Finally, there are `Bundle` and `Azure` targets that you can use to package your app and deploy to Azure, respectively:

```bash
dotnet run -- Bundle
dotnet run -- Azure
```

## SAFE Stack Documentation

If you want to know more about the full Azure Stack and all of it's components (including Azure) visit the official [SAFE documentation](https://safe-stack.github.io/docs/).

You will find more documentation about the used F# components at the following places:

* [Saturn](https://saturnframework.org/)
* [Fable](https://fable.io/docs/)
* [Elmish](https://elmish.github.io/elmish/)

Commit message:

Updated the readme with the link to the Youtube series.

README.md, after:

# Note By Ghostlike

I've adapted this template from the usual SAFE Stack template, updated all the packages and replaced Webpack with Vite. It has been made for the Youtube series: [The Fabled Web Adventure](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL04PGV4cTuIX3bNEDDyi1L27Si0qpyAJ7). If you've found this useful, please like and subscribe. Thank you.

# SAFE Template

This template can be used to generate a full-stack web application using the [SAFE Stack](https://safe-stack.github.io/). It was created using the dotnet [SAFE Template](https://safe-stack.github.io/docs/template-overview/). If you want to learn more about the template why not start with the [quick start](https://safe-stack.github.io/docs/quickstart/) guide?

## Install pre-requisites

You'll need to install the following pre-requisites in order to build SAFE applications

* [.NET Core SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download) 6.0 or higher
* [Node 16](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

## Starting the application

Before you run the project **for the first time only** you must install dotnet "local tools" with this command:

```bash
dotnet tool restore
```

To concurrently run the server and the client components in watch mode use the following command:

```bash
dotnet run
```

Then open `http://localhost:8080` in your browser.

The build project in root directory contains a couple of different build targets. You can specify them after `--` (target name is case-insensitive).

To run concurrently server and client tests in watch mode (you can run this command in parallel to the previous one in new terminal):

```bash
dotnet run -- RunTests
```

Client tests are available under `http://localhost:8081` in your browser and server tests are running in watch mode in console.

Finally, there are `Bundle` and `Azure` targets that you can use to package your app and deploy to Azure, respectively:

```bash
dotnet run -- Bundle
dotnet run -- Azure
```

## SAFE Stack Documentation

If you want to know more about the full Azure Stack and all of it's components (including Azure) visit the official [SAFE documentation](https://safe-stack.github.io/docs/).

You will find more documentation about the used F# components at the following places:

* [Saturn](https://saturnframework.org/)
* [Fable](https://fable.io/docs/)
* [Elmish](https://elmish.github.io/elmish/)
